MTV-1211 Max concurrent virtual machine migrations (#580)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/max-concurrent-vms.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="max-concurrent-vms_{context}"]
= A detailed look at controller_max_vm_inflight

> For {rhv-full}, {osp}, vmWare warm migrations _or_ remote cold migrations, the setting `controller_max_vm_inflight` (shown in the UI as *Max concurrent virtual machine migrations*) specifies the maximum number of _disks_ that can be transferred simultaneously. In these migrations, the disks are migrated in parallel. This means that if the combined number of disks that you want to migrate is greater than the value of the setting, additional disks wait until the queue is free without regard for whether a VM has completely finished being migrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {rhv-full}, {osp}, VMware warm migrations _or_ remote cold migrations, the setting `controller_max_vm_inflight` (shown in the UI as *Max concurrent virtual machine migrations*) specifies the maximum number of _disks_ that can be transferred simultaneously. In these migrations, the disks are migrated in parallel. This means that if the combined number of disks that you want to migrate is greater than the value of the setting, additional disks wait until the queue is free without regard for whether a VM has completely finished being migrated.
```

Remember the correct format for [VMware](https://www.vmware.com/products/cloud-infrastructure/vsphere-foundation)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ed61a986-ea2c-4d79-9d87-7e39cc2cca72)

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="max-concurrent-vms_{context}"]
= Configuring the controller_max_vm_inflight label

> For {rhv-full} migrations, {osp} migrations, VMware warm migrations, or cold VMware migrations to a remote {ocp} cluster the setting `controller_max_vm_inflight` (shown in the UI as *Max concurrent virtual machine migrations*) specifies the maximum number of _disks_ that {project-first} can transfer simultaneously. In these migrations, {project-short} migrates the disks in parallel. This means that if the combined number of disks that you want to migrate is greater than the value of the setting, additional disks must wait until the queue is free, without regard for whether a VM has finished migrating.

Reviewer 2: I did more reading and found out that the rhv and osp also do it per VM.
I think the code is not correct and should be changed but this is the current status so I wanted to correct myself.
So the per disk applies only to remote vmware or warm vmware migrations.

Example: If the value of the setting is 15, and VM A has 5 disks, VM B has 5 disks, and VM C has 6 disks, all the disks except for the 16th begin migrating at the same time. Once any of them has migrated, the 16th disk can be migrated, whether or not all the disks on VM A and VM B have finished migrating.

> However, for OVA or for local VMware local cold migrations, the setting specifies the maximum number of _VMs_ that {project-short} can migrate simultaneously, meaning that all additional disks must wait until at least one VM has been completely migrated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, for OVA or for VMware local cold migrations, the setting specifies the maximum number of _VMs_ that {project-short} can migrate simultaneously, meaning that all additional disks must wait until at least one VM has been completely migrated.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="max-concurrent-vms_{context}"]
= Configuring the controller_max_vm_inflight label

The meaning of the `controller_max_vm_inflight` label, which is shown in the UI as *Max concurrent virtual machine migrations*, varies by the source provider of the migration

* For all migrations except OVA or VMware migrations, the label specifies the maximum number of _disks_ that {project-first} can transfer simultaneously. In these migrations, {project-short} migrates the disks in parallel. This means that if the combined number of disks that you want to migrate is greater than the value of the setting, additional disks must wait until the queue is free, without regard for whether a VM has finished migrating.
+

> Example: If the value of the label is 15, and VM A has 5 disks, VM B has 5 disks, and VM C has 6 disks, all the disks except for the 16th begin migrating at the same time. Once any of them has migrated, the 16th disk can be migrated, whether or not all the disks on VM A and VM B have finished migrating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: If the value of the label is 15, and VM A has 5 disks, VM B has 5 disks, and VM C has 6 disks, all the disks except for the 16th disk start migrating at the same time. Once any of them has migrated, the 16th disk can be migrated, even though not all the disks on VM A and the disks on VM B have finished migrating.
```

pedantic comments:

* personally i would include `disk` as it makes `begin` appear to be a noun, including `disk` might make it a wee bit clearer (not minimalism but i think it reads a bit better)
* personally i would use `even though not... ` instead of `whether or not` 
* personally i would spell out it is the `VM A disks and the VM B disks` ... same as before

* For OVA migrations, the label specifies the maximum number of _VMs_ that {project-short} can migrate simultaneously, meaning that all additional disks must wait until at least one VM has been completely migrated.
+

> Example: If the value of the label is 2, and VM A has 5 disks, VM B has 5 disks, and VM C has 6 disks, all the disks on VM C must wait until either all the disks on VM A or on VM B have finished migrating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the value of the label is 2, and VM A has 5 disks, VM B has 5 disks, and VM C has 6 disks. All the disks on VM C must wait to migrate until either all the disks on VM A or on VM B to finish migrating.
```
